all right open to please word by number
today we'll be doing a really quick
recipe just some Vietnamese style crispy
spring rolls so let's just jump right in
all right so here's our filling we're
going to be using pork today about a
half pound but we're not going to really
go and do measurements at all we're just
going to give you the basic ingredients
you can use them or substitute in some
of your own
so we're start out with some soy sauce
actually it was fish sauce this is soy
sauce soy sauce along with some assorted
vegetables
so we'll be using some carrots and that
along with some minced shallots and add
to that some shredded mushrooms you can
use I hope you like these happen to be
shitake I think then on some ah was that
oh yeah minced scallions then we'll add
some more seasoning lot some crushed red
pepper either Thai dried chilies
actually some ground black pepper a few
two or three cloves of garlic minced and
then we're add about a tablespoon or so
or just enough corn starch to really
just get it all to bind together and be
smooth and we're going to stir that all
up then to this we're going to add just
a handful of one inch broken off pieces
of vermicelli noodles have been soaking
in warm water for like 10 minutes or so
till they're soft
all right now we are feeling I want to
start wrapping our wrappers we're just
using round rice paper wrappers and you
just take them out of the package
there's a big disc and have a plate of
lukewarm water and just insert an end
under the water and just rotate it until
the whole thing is pretty pliable make
sure you get the whole thing wet how
nice and pliable just take it over until
a dry plate and then we're take our pork
filling just take a tablespoon put it
into your hand make a log out of the
pork
and this place log at one ends this time
we're doing a whole spring roll but you
can also use a half and just have a
thinner thinner wrapper to it so just
put into a log fold that end over
covering the log and fold the sides over
themselves and roll that up into it like
a little burrito
and just place that on a plate do about
three a time and then fry them in
batches so I'm just gonna keep on
rolling these up alright now we've got
them all rolled up we're just going to
fry them in batch to the four we've
preheated our oil to about 350 degrees
Fahrenheit and we're just going to plop
them in there just take a pair of tongs
just nicely drop each one in being
careful they're not touching each other
otherwise they might cook together
throughout the cooking process we're
just going to rotate them to make sure
they get fried evenly on all sides just
pick them up and flip them it's probably
easiest way once you notice some brownie
on both sides should take about five or
six minutes they're done just remove
them from the oil and then take them
over just to a baking sheet with a
cookie rack on it
it's newspaper under it let the excess
oil drip off after you're done frying
each batch you can let them all cool off
and then plate them on a plate full of
green lettuce pieces and some fish
dipping sauce to eat them just dip them
in the sauce
wrap them the piece of lettuce and enjoy
so we'll see you next time I please
order by number this whole recipe is
available on our website at please order
by number blog spot.com see you next
time